Hello.
This is a demo for our visualization
and for our project, and our project
is called Vaccine Stock Analysis.
So the first thing is we have
two different kinds of charts.
We have a line chart and a bar
chart and the line chart.
I'll start with the line charts.
The line chart has the ability
to basically look at different values.
So for any given stock,
there's an open or close.
A high alone, adjusted close and adjusted
close accounts for dividends, basically.
And so you can choose
from any one of these.
If you press on open,
it will automatically change.
If you press on low, it will
automatically change there.
So essentially,
you have that functionality to choose
from any particular value
that you're interested in.
And from there,
you have the ability to basically examine
the values of each of these lines
just by scrolling over them.
As you can see here, no backs essentially
goes from $212 all the way up to $308.
So it's really easy to see that price
change just by scrolling over
and dragging your cursor.
That's kind of what
the line chart is doing.
We just have the prices right on the X
axis and the relative timescale on the Y
axis going from around
2020 to July of 2021.
As far as the bar chart is concerned,
we're just looking at the average
cumulative volume of each company over
the course of our data set, essentially.
So we can see that it's nicely plotted.
We have our scale, and we
have each of the companies.
And as far as some of the functionality is
for brushing, linking,
and all that is concerned,
we have the ability to press on any
individual bar and get its corresponding
line in black, as you can see if I clicked
on Bio and Tech that's highlighted if I
click on Novax or Nova Vaccine that's
highlighted Johnson and Johnson
and so on and so forth.
Right.
So that's going to be
our linking component.
And then essentially what
we have is our brushing.
As far as our brushing is concerned,
you have the ability to kind
of just brush over, and it will
Consequently highlight
the corresponding line as you can see as I
go across and start brushing
over multiple bars.
Eventually, all the lines
are highlighted in black.
So that's kind of the functionality
that we implemented there.
So that's really nice.
It's easy to see which lines because
the lines are a bit clustered,
but it becomes a lot easier
to look at individual values through
the brushing and linking
facilitated through the bar chart.
So that's pretty much it as far as
the functionality is concerned.
And yeah, so hopefully that was helpful.